It's long overdue for closing.
Although the medical skills are good
But not right
There are many diseases that can be cured by him
He doesn't cure
But people keep buying medicine there
My grandpa took his medicine last time
I think it works well.
I'm going to his store to have a look.
That's what happened
Fortunately, you are here.
Otherwise he is in danger
As a result, we also investigated him specially at this time
Or did he do a lot of bedroom stuff?
It was his house
That would be fine.
So as not to offend their family
How to avoid them
On the contrary.
Did you go out looking for a job today?
No, I'm going out for a walk
I'm ready
You're going to live in my house for free all the time
I don't live for free
Hello
What!